h1. TruffleHog

"http://github.com/pauldix/truffle-hog":http://github.com/pauldix/truffle-hog

If you have issues please use the "Feedzirra group":http://groups.google.com/group/feedzirra

h2. Summary

Finds RSS and Atom feed urls in html like a hog finds truffles. Tasty, delicious feeds... er, truffles.

h2. Description

This is a simple library. It doesn't GET the html for you. It doesn't use an HTML or XML parser. It just uses a little regex to find feed urls. If you want to GET the web pages, use "Typhoeus":http://github.com/pauldix/typhoeus/. If you want to fetch and parse the feeds use "Feedzirra":http://github.com/pauldix/feedzirra.

h2. Installation

<pre>
  gem install truffle-hog --source http://gemcutter.org
</pre>

h2. Use

<pre>
require 'rubygems'
require 'truffle-hog'

# get atom and rss
feed_urls = TruffleHog.parse_feed_urls(some_html)

# get atom if available, otherwise rss
feed_urls = TruffleHog.parse_feed_urls(some_html, :atom)

# get rss if available, otherwise atom
feed_urls = TruffleHog.parse_feed_urls(some_html, :rss)
</pre>

h2. Next

I may want to make a fun Nokogiri backed version and test speed and stuff. This thing hasn't been benchmarked yet.

h2. LICENSE

(The MIT License)
 
Copyright (c) 2009:
 
"Paul Dix":http://pauldix.net
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.